well howdy there internet people it's
beau again I know most you won't watch
this till tomorrow but I'm just excited
I already salt in the episode I'm really
glad that they used M night Shyamalan as
the director for the impeachment because
I did not see this midseason plot twist
coming I did not have this on my
impeachment bingo card but to catch
everybody up on the season thus far the
President of the United States is
alleged to have a tempted to extort
Ukraine into announcing an investigation
into hunter Biden in order to smear
ephemeral Vice President Biden didn't
matter if the investigation actually
took place they just wanted the
announcement in order to facilitate this
they withheld military aid and a meeting
with the president that would have shown
that the United States cares about the
Ukrainian people Ukraine is a pretty
important strategic partner for the
United States bad that is true so this
is what triggered the impeachment
inquiry now during the inquiry and
hearings the president's biggest
defender is guy named Nunez and this
whole time he's I mean basically just in
disbelief this is ridiculous this is
preposterous this is some wild theory
nobody would be so bizarre as to attempt
to dig up dirt on the Biden's through
Ukraine it's ridiculous fair enough now
so that that's one plot line another
plot line is that a couple of Ukrainians
that are tied to Rudy Giuliani and a
company called fraud guarantee well they
get popped for some Kim campaign finance
stuff and get arrested the President of
the United States says he doesn't know
him and that's fine this apparently
angered one of those Ukrainians who
offered to provide evidence to the
impeachment inquiry
and that evidence is said to include
proof that Nunez was involved from the
very beginning and his congressional
travel records seem to support this
claim when he was questioned about it by
the press he said I'm not going to
answer your questions I don't
acknowledge your questions in this life
or the next
I mean I don't know about you but that
to me just screams he's innocent
so the house houses Democratic coalition
in the house something like that has
filed an ethics complaint obviously it
would be highly unethical for him to sit
and oppose witnesses in a action that he
was apparently a part of yeah I didn't
see that one coming that's that that is
something else and it's also cast doubt
on every single other Republican that
has defended the president that that's
the end result of this yeah that is
that's crazy now the next part of the
show was already a little bit
foreshadowing going on right before
midnight tonight under judge's order the
State Department released a whole bunch
of emails now I will tell you I have not
read them all but my friends that have
are telling me that it pretty much shows
a direct link from Giuliani to the White
House to Secretary of State Pompeyo in
regards to the effort to smear our own
ambassador in Ukraine because she was
getting in the way of them extorting a
foreign country and to providing a thing
of value for his campaign
I can't wait to see what's gonna happen
next and in in that vein I would suggest
that we hand this Ukrainian full
immunity allow him to come in before the
impeachment inquiry before the hearings
publicly and just tell us what he knows
I mean just it's campaign finance nobody
really got hurt give him full immunity
let's hear what he has to say my
understanding is that this man believed
he was on a secret mission for the
President of the United States
attempting to help secure his new
country and he's doing his patriotic
duty and now the president has disavowed
him he's probably a little angry about
that but welcome to being a secret agent
that's what kind of what happens and be
not watch the movies but I say we give
this guy immunity and we let him talk
because at this point I gotta know how
this season ends I gotta know what's
coming next I'm hooked I am hooked on
this show I would also suggest we keep
an eye on this individual thief hate for
him to be Epstein so anyway we're at a
point where we can't trust even the
people who are conducting the
impeachment hearings the corruption from
the administration has bled so far that
even members in the house are now being
swept up in it this is a and it's not
just a symptom of the Republican Party
it's a symptom of us
not valuing substance not valuing
leadership us looking for talking points
and sound bytes instead of instead of
those people who truly care about the
country honestly if what I am what I
understand is true I'd rather have this
Ukrainian sitting in the Oval Office
than the president because at least he
cared about the u.s. anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night